sam invited his friends to dinner to
show them the engagement ring he bought
for his girlfriend
they sat down and he placed the ring on
the table
suddenly the lights flickered off and
the room went dark
when the lights came back on the ring
was missing
he called the manager and they
interviewed his friends
julie said she hadn't even gotten the
chance to see the ring before the room
went dark
roger said he saw the ring's sparkly
reflection as the lights went out but
nothing else michael said he was
searching for his phone to snap a photo
of the ring
the manager took a good look at everyone
and knew who did it
you have 10 seconds to figure it out
it was julie when they sat down she
wasn't wearing gloves
now she is
[Music]
liam's parents are police officers they
were working on a dangerous case
and asked liam to keep it a secret after
a week he received a message from his
mom
telling him son we're okay don't contact
anyone
we've sent you five thousand three
hundred seventeen dollars
liam thought the message was suspicious
he checked his bank account
but he hadn't received any money he
immediately
called the chief of police why here
are your nine seconds
[Music]
if you flip the number 5317 upside down
and horizontally
it reads lies his parents are in danger
and they're communicating with him in
code
while walking down the street susie
found 10 bucks
three people were sitting on the
roadside and it was clear they needed
some money
so she decided to help one of them kyle
said i need some money for shelter
tonight if you have something to spare
it will help me a lot jim said you're a
good girl
i don't have anything and i don't know
what you look like because i'm blind
but 10 bucks will buy me enough food for
today and tomorrow
susan said i need money to feed my dog
he is at home and he's starving susan
knew
exactly who really needed help you've
got
eight seconds
she helped kyle jim must have seen the
ten dollars
which is why he asked for the exact
amount even though he said he was blind
and susan doesn't appear to be in much
need since she has a place to stay
mike is an undercover police officer he
had been following a suspect
at the train station when the suspect
exchanged a briefcase with another
person
michael followed the suspect further the
target
walked into a huge corporate building it
was filled with security guards
and mike couldn't get in he saw through
a window that the target went to the
10th floor
when mike went back to his car he found
three uniforms in his truck
an electrician's uniform a police
officer's uniform
a window cleaners uniform you've got
seven seconds to pick one for mike
[Music]
the electrician would need to show some
id so mike would be outed as an imposter
the police officer would need to show
some id too and that would ruin his
undercover status
but the window cleaner doesn't have to
go inside the building
he can climb up the window and pretend
to clean them
[Music]
sarah called detective archie at midday
on monday
to tell him she found her husband
unconscious on the floor
she'd been out shopping all morning but
when she visited her husband's home
office to ask if he was hungry
he was lying on the ground the ambulance
came and collected her husband
but the detective didn't let anyone else
leave there were three other people in
the house
the cook said i've been cooking all day
the couple is having a dinner party
tonight and i'm swamped
the security guard said i was installing
security cameras to make sure everything
will be safe tonight
the house cleaner said i've been
cleaning the living room the sitting
area
and all guest bathrooms to prepare for
tonight since everyone will be indoors
who is lying here are your six seconds
it's the security guard the cameras he's
installing are outside
the house cleaner said this was an
indoor party
one friday afternoon shane the ceo of a
huge company
called the police to report a crime the
ceo said
they broke into my office and smashed
all my furniture then they hijacked the
door and now it won't close
when they hijacked the safe they took
all my documents
i have only one key to the safe and
nobody else has access to it
the detective immediately took shane to
the police station
as the main suspect why here are your
five seconds
if someone hijacked the safe it wouldn't
close just like the
door but shane was able to open and
close his safe with his key
michael is a private investigator and
was going on a cruise to norway
one morning the captain came to his
cabin needing help the captain said he
was studying some old
100 year old maps and fell asleep on the
bridge
when he awoke his valuable watch was
gone
michael called in the last three people
who were on the bridge that evening to
interview them the sailor said he was
trying to uncover the lifeboats
because there's a cyclone in norway the
passengers might need to abandon ship
the cook said he was taking inventory to
see what supplies he needed from norway
the chief engineer said he was headed to
the engine room with two other sailors
because one of the engines had a problem
michael knew
exactly who was lying you've got four
seconds
it was the sailor none of the lifeboats
are uncovered
and if there's a cyclone putting people
on lifeboats in stormy seas
would be more dangerous than staying
aboard
sally went to hawaii for six weeks for
her summer vacation
when she returned her mansion was
trashed and her dog was missing
she called the police and they started
their investigation
detective michael noticed there were no
signs of a break-in
and there was fresh fruit on the table
he interviewed three people
sally sun said i never visit my mom's
house
i'm allergic to her dog the maid said i
came here a week ago
cleaned the house fed the dog brought
some food and then i left
the butler said i was on vacation at the
same time as salad
i came back yesterday here are my
tickets
michael figured out who was lying in
three seconds
it's the butler even though the dates
match
the tickets show 2019 not 2020.
[Music]
lisa went to the movie theater on
halloween night with her husband
he was running late so she sat down and
waited for him
when the lights turned off two people
arrived and sat beside her
the one on the left had red spots on his
shirt
he held a bag with red splatters that
contained something
very suspicious and he had scratches all
over his face
the one on the right had pale skin
bright red
eyes and he was holding a creepy doll
lisa needs to go to the bathroom and one
of these people is her husband
should she go right or left here are
your three seconds
[Music]
she should go left since it's halloween
and both people are wearing creepy
costumes
look at their fingers the guy on the
left has a wedding ring like lisa
it's her husband the guy on the right
holds a creepy doll that seems to be
alive
[Music]
lucy is hosting a career guidance
conference to inspire
young students to pursue their dreams
she invited one person from each
profession
when the conference ended lucy
discovered the most expensive painting
in the meeting room was gone
she called the police and they searched
the briefcases of the last three
professionals to leave the room
the electrical engineer has a bag filled
with wires circuit boards
small screwdrivers and solder the
plumber has a wrench a hammer
and some plastic pipes the veterinarian
has a laser
a hammer a drill a fluorescent light and
a pair of latex gloves
which of the three is dishonest you've
got two seconds
the veterinarian most of the things in
his bag aren't related to his profession
and he used the gloves to avoid leaving
any fingerprints